SynTech-X
Privacy Policy of SynTech-X

Privacy Policy
Effective date: December 27, 2018

SynTech-X ("us", "we", or "our") operates the SynTech-X mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
 Our Privacy Policy for SynTech-X is based on the Privacy Policy Template from Privacy Policies.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. 
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). 
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Email address
First name and last name
Phone number

Be assured that all the data that you have offered us is used for the sole purpose for recognizing you as an individual and it is not used for anything else or is shared with anybody else.

Use of Data
SynTech-X uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide information about the things we are organizing at our event.
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

SynTech-X will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place 
to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
SynTech-X may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of SynTech-X
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability

Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. 
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. 
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: syntechxrdnc@gmail.com